Newsletters: add 187 (2022-02-16) (#720)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2022-02-16-newsletter.md

  Address indexing software Fulcrum adds [performance improvements][sparrow docs
  performance] in the [1.6.0 release][fulcrum 1.6.0].

- **Kraken announces proof of reserves scheme:**
  Kraken [details][kraken por] their proof of reserves scheme involving a
  trusted auditor, also noting shortcomings and future improvements. Kraken
  creates digital signatures to prove onchain address ownership, produces
  a merkle tree of Kraken user account balances, asks an auditor to
  certify onchain balances are greater than account balances, and provides tooling
  for users to verify their balance was included in the tree.

## Notable code and documentation changes

*Notable changes this week in [Bitcoin Core][bitcoin core repo],
[C-Lightning][c-lightning repo], [Eclair][eclair repo], [LDK][ldk repo],
[LND][lnd repo], [libsecp256k1][libsecp256k1 repo], [Hardware Wallet
Interface (HWI)][hwi repo], [Rust Bitcoin][rust bitcoin repo], [BTCPay
Server][btcpay server repo], [BDK][bdk repo], [Bitcoin Improvement
Proposals (BIPs)][bips repo], and [Lightning BOLTs][bolts repo].*

- [Eclair #2164][] improves its handling of feature bits in various contexts.

>   Notably, invoices that requires a mandatory but non-invoice feature would no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Notably, invoices that require a mandatory but non-invoice feature would no
```

---
title: 'Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #187'
permalink: /en/newsletters/2022/02/16/
name: 2022-02-16-newsletter
slug: 2022-02-16-newsletter
type: newsletter
layout: newsletter
lang: en
---
This week's newsletter FIXME

## News

- **Simplified alternative to `OP_TXHASH`:** in continuing discussion
  about covenant-enabling opcodes (see [Newsletter #185][news185
  composable]), Rusty Russell [proposed][russell op_tx] that the
  function provided by `OP_TXHASH` could be provided by the existing
  `OP_SHA256` opcode plus a new `OP_TX` opcode which accepted the same
  input as `OP_TXHASH`.  The new opcode would make serialized fields
  from a spending transaction available to a [tapscript][topic
  tapscript].  Scripts could then test the fields directly (e.g. is the

>   transaction version's number greater than `1`?) or hash the data and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  transaction's version number greater than `1`?) or hash the data and
  ```

  performance] in the [1.6.0 release][fulcrum 1.6.0].

- **Kraken announces proof of reserves scheme:**
  Kraken [details][kraken por] their proof of reserves scheme involving a
  trusted auditor, also noting shortcomings and future improvements. Kraken

>   proves onchain address ownership by digitally signing

Reviewer 3: @harding Im not sure this is right. I believe Kraken is signing to prove ownership of UTXOs onchain. Not signing a merkle tree

Author: Sorry!  Hopefully fixed in the latest push.

Reviewer 2: That mention of Kraken's POR made me wonder how they show each user separate UTXOs, and especially how they prove that. It doesn't seem particularly scalable to maintain each user's balance as distinct UTXOs.

Reviewer 2: Ah nevermind. Rereading that section, I realize now that the user balances on the exchange was included in the total and the notary certifies that the on-chain balance exceeds all deposits. It's much clearer now!
